HI 
 I am Sambit Kumar Mishra , I am from Bhusal, Bhuban, Dhenkanal, Odisha. Currently, I live with my family in Ammalapada, Angul, Odisha. My father's name is Prasanna Kumar Mishra, He is a State government employee in Boyanika. My mother's name is Swarnalata Mishra, She is a house wife. I also have an elder sister Pragnya Mishra she is married and lives with her family in Bangalore. I was born in my village Bhusal on the year 06 Nov 2001. Then I went to Redhakhol, Sambalpur, with my family because of my father's job. From there, I have taught from Saraswati Shishu Vidya Mandir, Redhakhol. I completed my 10th from SHN High School Luhapank with a percentage of 81% in 2017. Then we moved to Angul because my father's job was shifted here. To date, we live in Angul. We came here in the year 2017. Here I started my junior college life which is 10+2 in angul autonomous College. I chose the branch of science and I completed my junior college in the year 2019 with a percentage of 60%. Then I done my graduation in zoology from the bantala degree college of Higher Education, bantala, angul. Here I completed my graduation with an 8.75 CGPA. And I also was the college topper of the branch of zoology in the year 2022. Soon after completing of graduation I went through the exam CPET and from that exam, I got a chance to do my master's in wildlife and biodiversity conservation, at Baripada.in  MSCB university. Then I completed my MSC in the year 2024 with a CGPA of 8.90  with a distinction and also the university topper at this branch. Soon after completing my post-graduation, I appeared for the SAAT exam organized by the SOA University Bhubaneswar. I clear the SAAT exam in the first chance and Joined its technical branch known as ITER. In the course MCA. Now I am an MCA first-year student living in Bhubaneswar. Mostly I do coding using python and C#.My hobbies are playing cricket, badminton, and cooking. I enjoy traveling and listening to music. My favorite food is Biriyani, fav place is hillstation.

 		
